README for the Magic Notebook 1.2.1

LEGAL

    For the duration of this copyright statement, 'this software' and
    'Mobile Web Proxy' are taken to mean all original files distributed with
    this product, and the arrangement and other original work related to this
    product.

    License

        This software is copyright 2003-8 by Jonathan Hayward, and licensed
	and licensed to you under the your choice of the original Artistic
        License, which should be present in the file doc/artistic.txt, the
        General Public License version 2.0 (or, at your option, any later
        version), which should be present in the file doc/gpl.txt, or the MIT
        License, which should be present in the file doc/mit.txt.

    Warrantee

        Jonathan Hayward makes no warranties, express or implied,
        regarding this software.  In no event shall Jonathan Hayward be
        liable for any consequential, special, incidental, or indirect
        damages of any kind arising out of the license of, use of,
        or inability to use any software or product covered under
        this license, even if Jonathan Hayward has been advised of the
        possibility of such damages.  This limitation of liability and
        risks is reflected in the price of this software.

PURPOSE

    The Mobile Web Proxy is meant to be a proxy which allows people to see
    websites that might not otherwise be available through mobile devices.

INSTALLATION AND SETUP

    Basics

        * To install, run "./install" and answer the questions provided.  This
          will run a Unix-flavor install-style script and should create a
          working, out-of-the-box installation when supplied appropriate
          values.

        * See USAGE below if are curions about how to use SearchLog.

        Setup and Customization

	    The Mobile Web Proxy is open source and meant to be customizable. 

	    Several configurable values, including roughly how many tokens
	    should be shown per page, can be adjusted through the variables
	    with UPPERCASE_NAMES at the top of the CGI script.

	    <the private Mobile Web Proxy data directory> contains several
	    files, including tag_blacklist and tag_whitelist, in which you may
	    specify one tag per line (blank lines are ignored). If
	    tag_blacklist lists at least one tag, then any tag that is not
	    blacklisted will be allowed through; otherwise, if tag_whitelist
	    lists at least one tag, then any tag that is not whitelisted will
	    be blocked; otherwise, any tag will be allowed through. The
	    semantics are modeled after the semantics of Unix's
	    cron.deny/cron.allow etc.

        Security

            The present release of the Mobile Web Proxy has not been closely
            scrutinized for security, and should be treated as such by
            security-conscious administrators.  If you discover a
            vulnerability, please contact the author at
            jonathan.hayward@pobox.com with details.

            The default installation sets
            <the private Mobile Web Proxy data directory> and contents
            to a relatively permissive mode.  Administrators are encouraged to
            set directory and contents to mode 700, owned by the
            effective user ID that CGI scripts will be running under. This
            is usually apache or nobody.

USAGE

    The Mobile Web Proxy is designed to be run as a straightforward web
    application. Once it is set up, enjoy.

        http://[your hostname]/cgi-bin/mobile

    (That is the location provided by RPM installation and the default for the
    provided installer. The provided installer allows you to specify another
    location; if you specified another location, substitute that for
    "/cgi-bin/mobile".)

NOTES

    Payment

        The Mobile Web Proxy is linkware. It is available to you free of
        charge.  If you like it, I would be very happy if you would visit
        http://JonathansCorner.com and consider linking to it.

    Bugs

        For security-related concerns, see Security above.

    Contact

        The author can be contacted at jonathan.hayward@pobox.com, and
        maintains a website at http://JonathansCorner.com. The current version
        of the Mobile Web Proxy may be obtained from
        http://JonathansCorner.com/etc/mobile/.
